[Music]
[Music] now all the captains of the forces Joe
now all the captains of the forces Joe
now all the captains of the forces Joe Hainan the son of Korea
Hainan the son of Korea
Hainan the son of Korea Jezza nya the son of who Shia and all
Jezza nya the son of who Shia and all
Jezza nya the son of who Shia and all the people from the least to the
the people from the least to the
the people from the least to the greatest came near and said to Jeremiah
greatest came near and said to Jeremiah
greatest came near and said to Jeremiah the Prophet please let our petition be
the Prophet please let our petition be
the Prophet please let our petition be acceptable to you and pray for us to the
acceptable to you and pray for us to the
acceptable to you and pray for us to the Lord your God for all this remnant since
Lord your God for all this remnant since
Lord your God for all this remnant since we are left but a few of many as you can
we are left but a few of many as you can
we are left but a few of many as you can see that the Lord your God may show us
see that the Lord your God may show us
see that the Lord your God may show us the way in which we should walk and the
the way in which we should walk and the
the way in which we should walk and the thing we should do
thing we should do
thing we should do I have heard indeed I will pray to the
I have heard indeed I will pray to the
I have heard indeed I will pray to the Lord your God according to your words
Lord your God according to your words
Lord your God according to your words and it shall be that whatever the Lord
and it shall be that whatever the Lord
and it shall be that whatever the Lord answers you I will declare it to you I
answers you I will declare it to you I
answers you I will declare it to you I will keep nothing back from you let the
will keep nothing back from you let the
will keep nothing back from you let the Lord be a true and faithful witness
Lord be a true and faithful witness
Lord be a true and faithful witness between us if we do not do according to
between us if we do not do according to
between us if we do not do according to everything which the Lord your God sends
everything which the Lord your God sends
everything which the Lord your God sends us by you
us by you
us by you whether it is pleasing or displeasing we
whether it is pleasing or displeasing we
whether it is pleasing or displeasing we will obey the voice of the Lord our God
will obey the voice of the Lord our God
will obey the voice of the Lord our God to whom we send you that it may be well
to whom we send you that it may be well
to whom we send you that it may be well with us when we obey the voice of the
with us when we obey the voice of the
with us when we obey the voice of the Lord our God and it happened after 10
Lord our God and it happened after 10
Lord our God and it happened after 10 days that the word of the Lord came to
days that the word of the Lord came to
days that the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah then he called you Haman the
Jeremiah then he called you Haman the
Jeremiah then he called you Haman the son of Korea all the captains of the
son of Korea all the captains of the
son of Korea all the captains of the forces which were with him and all the
forces which were with him and all the
forces which were with him and all the people from the least even to the
people from the least even to the
people from the least even to the greatest and said to them thus says the
greatest and said to them thus says the
greatest and said to them thus says the Lord the God of Israel to whom you sent
Lord the God of Israel to whom you sent
Lord the God of Israel to whom you sent me to present your petition before him
me to present your petition before him
me to present your petition before him if you will still remain in this land
if you will still remain in this land
if you will still remain in this land then I will build you and not pull you
then I will build you and not pull you
then I will build you and not pull you down and I will plant you and not pluck
down and I will plant you and not pluck
down and I will plant you and not pluck you up for I relent
you up for I relent
you up for I relent concerning the disaster that I have
concerning the disaster that I have
concerning the disaster that I have brought upon you do not be afraid of the
brought upon you do not be afraid of the
brought upon you do not be afraid of the king of Babylon of whom you are afraid
king of Babylon of whom you are afraid
king of Babylon of whom you are afraid do not be afraid of him
do not be afraid of him
do not be afraid of him says the Lord for I am with you to save
says the Lord for I am with you to save
says the Lord for I am with you to save you and deliver you from his hand and I
you and deliver you from his hand and I
you and deliver you from his hand and I will show you mercy that he may have
will show you mercy that he may have
will show you mercy that he may have mercy on you and cause you to return to
mercy on you and cause you to return to
mercy on you and cause you to return to your own land but if you say we will not
your own land but if you say we will not
your own land but if you say we will not dwell in this land disobeying the voice
dwell in this land disobeying the voice
dwell in this land disobeying the voice of the Lord your God saying no but we
of the Lord your God saying no but we
of the Lord your God saying no but we will go to the land of Egypt where we
will go to the land of Egypt where we
will go to the land of Egypt where we shall see no war nor hear the sound of
shall see no war nor hear the sound of
shall see no war nor hear the sound of the trumpet nor be hungry for bread and
the trumpet nor be hungry for bread and
the trumpet nor be hungry for bread and there we will dwell then hear now the
there we will dwell then hear now the
there we will dwell then hear now the word of the Lord all remnant of Judah
word of the Lord all remnant of Judah
word of the Lord all remnant of Judah thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel
Israel
Israel if you wholly set your faces to enter
if you wholly set your faces to enter
if you wholly set your faces to enter Egypt and go to dwell there then it
Egypt and go to dwell there then it
Egypt and go to dwell there then it shall be that the sword which you feared
shall be that the sword which you feared
shall be that the sword which you feared shall overtake you there in the land of
shall overtake you there in the land of
shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt the famine of which you were
Egypt the famine of which you were
Egypt the famine of which you were afraid shall follow close after you
afraid shall follow close after you
afraid shall follow close after you there in Egypt and there you shall die
there in Egypt and there you shall die
there in Egypt and there you shall die so shall it be with all the men who set
so shall it be with all the men who set
so shall it be with all the men who set their faces to go to Egypt to dwell
their faces to go to Egypt to dwell
their faces to go to Egypt to dwell there they shall die by the sword
there they shall die by the sword
there they shall die by the sword by famine and by Testaments and none of
by famine and by Testaments and none of
by famine and by Testaments and none of them shall remain or escape from the
them shall remain or escape from the
them shall remain or escape from the disaster that I will bring upon them for
disaster that I will bring upon them for
disaster that I will bring upon them for thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel as my anger and my fury had been
Israel as my anger and my fury had been
Israel as my anger and my fury had been poured out on the inhabitants of
poured out on the inhabitants of
poured out on the inhabitants of Jerusalem so will my fury be poured out
Jerusalem so will my fury be poured out
Jerusalem so will my fury be poured out on you when you enter Egypt and you
on you when you enter Egypt and you
on you when you enter Egypt and you shall be an oath and astonishment a
shall be an oath and astonishment a
shall be an oath and astonishment a curse and a reproach and you shall see
curse and a reproach and you shall see
curse and a reproach and you shall see this place no more the Lord has said
this place no more the Lord has said
this place no more the Lord has said concerning you O remnant of Judah do not
concerning you O remnant of Judah do not
concerning you O remnant of Judah do not go to Egypt know certainly that I have
go to Egypt know certainly that I have
go to Egypt know certainly that I have admonished you this day for you were
admonished you this day for you were
admonished you this day for you were hypocrites in your hearts when you sent
hypocrites in your hearts when you sent
hypocrites in your hearts when you sent me to the Lord your God saying pray for
me to the Lord your God saying pray for
me to the Lord your God saying pray for us to the Lord our God and according to
us to the Lord our God and according to
us to the Lord our God and according to all that the Lord your God says so
all that the Lord your God says so
all that the Lord your God says so declare to us and we will do it and I
declare to us and we will do it and I
declare to us and we will do it and I have this day declared it to you but you
have this day declared it to you but you
have this day declared it to you but you have not obeyed the voice of the Lord
have not obeyed the voice of the Lord
have not obeyed the voice of the Lord your God or anything which he has sent
your God or anything which he has sent
your God or anything which he has sent you by me now therefore know certainly
you by me now therefore know certainly
you by me now therefore know certainly that you shall die by the sword
that you shall die by the sword
that you shall die by the sword by famine and by pestilence in the place
by famine and by pestilence in the place
by famine and by pestilence in the place where you desire to go to dwell